Update document for self-host maps server (#34)
opensearch-project/maps: opensearch-maps-server/README.md

# Self-host maps server

The self-host maps server for OpenSearch Dashboards allows users to access the default maps service in air-gapped environments. OpenSearch-compatible map URLs include a map manifest with map tiles and vectors, the map tiles, and the map vectors.

The following sections provide steps for setting up and using the self-host maps server with OpenSearch Dashboards.

You can access the `maps-server` image via the official OpenSearch [Docker Hub repository](https://hub.docker.com/u/opensearchproject).
{: .note} or build from source code.

## Pull Docker image

Open your terminal and run the following command:

`docker pull opensearch/opensearch-maps-server`

> ## Build docker image from source

Reviewer: Can we remove this step? Or it shouldn't be next to `Pull Docker image` step but could be better to be inside something like info box?

Reviewer: Also, should be Docker with capital D I guess?

Reviewer: This step is not very informative imo.

Author: I was thinking to remain this option if someone wants build Docker image from Github source for test. Will make the two options in one step `Get Docker image`

Ignore this step if pulled docker image from Docker Hub repository

Install docker: https://docs.docker.com/get-docker/

Build docker image under Dockerfile path
```
docker build -t maps-server .
```
---

> Note: Below steps use docker image from Docker Hub repository, if you use docker image from code source, change the docker image name correspondingly

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: Below steps use a Docker image from Docker Hub repository, if you use a Docker image built from code, change the Docker image name accordingly
```
